# Payment Gateway Integration using Yoco API

This is a simple payment gateway integration example using the Yoco API. It is built using Node.js and Express.js.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

To use this code, you will need the following:

- Node.js (v12 or higher)
- Yoco account
- Secret Key (from Yoco dashboard)

### Installation

1.  Clone the repository
2.  Install dependencies using `npm install`

### Yoco Keys

To use the Yoco API, you will need to have your Yoco Secret Key. You can find your Yoco Secret Key by logging into your Yoco dashboard.

In order to keep your Yoco Secret Key secure, it is recommended to store it as an environment variable. This code reads the Yoco Secret Key from an environment variable named `SECRET_KEY` in the `.env` file located in the root directory.

### Environment Variables

The `.env` file mentioned in the installation section should have the following format:

    SECRET_KEY=<your_secret_key>

Replace `<your_secret_key>` with your actual Yoco Secret Key.

Make sure to add the `.env` file to your `.gitignore` file so that it is not uploaded to version control and stays secure.

When the code is executed, it will read the `SECRET_KEY` environment variable and use it to authenticate with the Yoco API.

### Usage

This code exposes a single endpoint `/` that accepts a POST request. It expects the following parameters in the request body:

- `token`: A token generated by the Yoco SDK
- `amountInCents`: The amount to charge in cents
- `currency`: The currency to use (e.g., `ZAR`, `USD`, etc.)

To use this code, make a POST request to the endpoint `/` with the required parameters in the request body.

### Example

[Go to the offical Yoco site for the exam](https://www.yoco.com/za/yoco-gateway/#:~:text=How%20do%20I%20link%20Yoco,to%20link%20with%20your%20website.)

### Error Handling

If there is an error with the request, the code will respond with an HTTP error code and a message explaining the error.

## Acknowledgments

- [Yoco API Documentation](https://developers.yoco.com/)
- [Express.js Documentation](https://expressjs.com/)
